Limit max pool size for parallel execution via config param (#3044)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.10.0-M1.adoc

==== New Features and Improvements

> * Support limiting the max-pool-size for parallel execution via a property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for limiting the `max-pool-size` for parallel execution via a configuration parameter
```

==== Deprecations and Breaking Changes

> * The `fixed` parallel execution strategy will allow the thread pool to be saturated by
>   default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `fixed` parallel execution strategy now allows the thread pool to be saturated by
  default.
```

> ==== New Features and Improvements

Reviewer: This document now contains 2 `New Features and Improvements` sections.

Please remove the unused section.
